(News music playing)
Good afternoon.
I'm Randall park,
live at the campaign
headquarters
of presidential candidate
Dwayne Johnson.
Randall, it's good
to have you here, buddy.
Well, it's all
my "plejure." Pleasure.
Did I say "plejure"?
(Both chuckling)
Uh, yeah, can we do that over?
I just needed
a second to warm up.
Mmm-hmm, we're live.
Oh. (Laughs nervously)
Yes, of course, we are live.
It's been a while
since my live theater days,
since I played mercutio
in Romeo and Juliet.
"True, I talk of dreams,
which are the children
"of an idle brain,
"begot of nothing
but vain fantasy."
Yes, yes.
"And thusly the night."
I had the skull,
and I was, like,
"uh, you're a skull."
We're live. We're... we're live.
We're still live. Ye... oh, yes.
We are still live. That's right.
So, we've heard rumblings
that you're close
to choosing your vp.
We're very excited
to make that announcement.
Pretty soon
we're gonna tell america.
So what are
the important qualities
that you're looking for
in a running mate?
Do you remember that story
I told you about the incident?
The one with
Jack black and the cows.
Can't get it out of my mind.
Not that one,
although that's a great story.
I'm talking about the one
where I punched that kid
in high school. Yes.
I will never forget it.
I was 15 years old,
and clearly I was no angel.
But up until that time, I'd
always kept my bad behavior
away from my parents.
Not this time.
My dad was away
at a wrestling convention,
and my mom found out.
Stephanie: Keep those
knees up, jazzers!
E veryone's watching
ata, I can't believe
this is your first class.
You're a natural.
To see what you will do
I'm dying.
E veryon e's trying
to get it right get it right
e verybody's working
for the weekend
(school bell rings)
Principal Bogg, I'm shocked.
Dewey has never done
anything like this in his life.
He's a good boy.
No one is more shocked than me.
I thought for sure
Dwayne was an undercover cop.
I was this close to asking him
to an eagles game.
So what exactly happened?
I was provoked.
Wrestling's all fake anyway.
(Grunts) Om
never use the "f" word.
Principal Bogg: Well, that's
one side of the story.
Normally, we'd get the other
side from the boy he hit,
but he was rushed
to the hospital.
Oh, mygom vveh, notrushed.
He was taken
at a comfortable speed.
Sort of a relaxed urgency,
wouldn't you say, Helen?
Helen: I'd say more
composed than relaxed.
Composed urgency. Are
you sure it was Dewey?
The victim ID'd him.
Is your attacker in this lineup?
Thatone.
The ogre.
You know we can hear you, right?
I guess we can just
call people ogres now.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
suspend Dwayne for a week.
I can assure you, nothing
like this will ever happen again.
Right, Dewey?
Where'd you get those pants?
In p.E. Class.
We had a push-up contest,
and the winner
got girbaud jeans.
Specifically that pair or did
you have to give your size?
You know what, forget it.
I don't have the energy.
Get your homework for
the week. I'll be outside.
Ow, my legs.
Dude, this is a
huge moment for you.
What do you mean? Fine-ass Karen
liked that you punched Kevin, man.
Said it made her feel like
cherry from outsiders.
For real?
Like, she told you that?
Well, not exactly.
Karen wrote a note
that she gave to Bonnie,
and Bonnie gave that note
to me to give to you,
and as you know,
I'm a curious George,
so I read it immediately
before handing it to you
right now.
Gabe: "That punch was hot.
"If you want, you can buy me a
present and take me to dinner.
"00. Those are just the hugs.
"If you want the xx kisses,
"let's see that gift.
"Karen."
I memorized it.
She thinks I'm rich,
solgofia get her a dope present.
Come with me to the mall
later, help me find one?
Okay, sure.
Where do you wanna meet?
Zales. Obviously zales.
I don't even know
why I said that.
Dewey, let's go! We're
gonna miss the bus!
Dewey, the bus.
I can't beheve this.
Wait till I tell your father
when he gets home.
Did you have to broadcast to the
whole school that we take the bus?
You just got suspended, and
that's what you're concerned about?
Everybody on here
is taking the bus.
That guy's probably a lawyer.
Sorry. Are you talking to me?
No. Uh...
Let's focus on
the real issue here.
Why did you hit that boy?
He was talking trash about us.
He said that wrestling
was fake, so I punched him.
That is not okay.
You've never done
anything like this before.
Can we not talk about this
in front of all these people?
No one is listening
to our conversation.
Uh, actually, I am listening.
I went through something
similar with my oldest.
Okay, too much bus for me.
What are you doing?
This isn't our stop.
I'm gonna go to the mall,
wait for Gabe.
You certainly are not.
You just got suspended.
Exactly. I can't be atschool
so what does it matter
where I am? Dewey.
(Sighs)
Whoo! The party's here.
(Drumming)
(Line ringing)
Hello, ata.
How'd you know it was me?
Caller ID.
I just got a whole new
phone system hooked up.
I'm trying to find rocky.
He left this morning to work
a wrestling convention in erie
and didn't know
where he was staying.
Is everything okay?
(Sighs) Dewey got suspended
for fighting.
(Gasps) I know.
And then, when
I was taking him home,
he got off the bus
to go to the mall.
To buy you an apology gift?
To hang out
with his friend Gabe.
Gabe? I've never
met a Gabe in my life.
That's why
I want to talk to rocky.
Dewey's such a sweet boy. He's
never acted out like this before.
The wild Samoans
will know where he is.
Here, I'll loop them in.
I just got three-way
calling. Watch.
(Dial pad beeping)
(Line ringing)
Hello. Hey, man,
it's me and ata.
You know where rocky is
out there in erie?
No, brother, but
macho man might know.
Sika, can we add a three-way
call to a three-way call?
Yes.
Ooh, no, sorry.
I'm actually on vacation
parasailing with Elizabeth.
You know what. Though,
let me try Andre, yeah.
I saw rocky last night. Oh?
In a dream. He was
a baby. (Laughs)
Okay, I really need
to talk to him.
Ata, I don't want to put
words in rocky's mouth,
but I think I know
what he'd say.
Boys test boundaries,
and you've got to show
him that it's not okay.
I agree.
You need to bring the hammer
down and nip this in the bud.
Yeah, you got this, ata.
You're the boss. Oh, yeah!
Dig it, yeah! You are a lioness.
Let them hear you roar.
(Incoming call tone sounds)
Oh, I've got another call.
Hey, it's Stephanie
from jazzercize.
You signed up for an
afternoon class and didn't show.
Ata, I didn't know you did
jazzercise. Oh, it is so good for you.
Sorry, Stephanie.
You're on a conference call.
Yeah, ata's son
disrespected her,
but she's gonna
handle it on her own.
For sure. Right.
He's gonna try and test me? No.
And? I'm the boss of that boy!
I am a lioness!
(All exclaiming and cheering
simultaneously)
I love how
supportive this call is.
While the room's hot,
any advice what I should say
to my sister when
she asks for money?
(Sighs) I'll just tell her
I'm broke.
Oh, that's the stuff
Karen likes.
Pink ice. Yeah, how do you know?
Karen told Bonnie,
Bonnie told me.
Oh, me and Bonnie
are dating now, man.
She liked the way I handled
the whole note passing thing.
Dude, that's great. Yo, we
should all go on a double date.
That would be amazing.
Yo, we could do our bits, man.
Ooh, yeah, after this let's
cruise through chess king
so we can five-finger discount
some new outfits.
Yes, hello.
Pink ice.
Your ladies have
exquisite taste.
Oh, not me.
Mine wants a chunky necklace
from some place called chico's.
How much is this one?
That's $99.99.
Do you have anything
that looks like
it starts with a nine but
actually starts with a two?
Let me show you
our most affordable option.
The stud earrings. There you go.
I don't see anything.
Here, let me help you.
Gabe: There. There it is.
Do you see it? There.
Ata: Dewey! Uh...
How dare you get off that
bus and walk away from me?
As far as you're concerned, I
am the law and you will obey me.
Mom, we're in zales. I
don't care if we're in zales.
You are grounded for two months.
Two months?
And don't think grounding
means you're gonna
watch TV and eat waffles.
You're coming with me.
I'm putting you to work.
Okay, just calm down.
Do you think you can just
tell me to calm down?
Well, I... it doesn't
matter what you think!
Come on, let's go.
And you better be looking
at those earrings
as an apology gift for me.
You can see those?
I see everything.
Ata: You're not done till I can
see my face in the reflection.
Yes, ma'am. I'm impressed.
I tried disciplining
my daughter once
when she crashed her Audi,
but then she crashed my Audi.
And now we're down to one Audi.
After we finish here,
I'm taking Dewey
to apologize to the boy he hit.
Making amends.
Oh, that reminds me.
Did you see
the Sally jessy episode
about people who talk to ghosts?
No, I was hoping
you recorded it.
Oh, I did, and it's a doozy.
I'll get the tape
for you right after
I write you a check
for the week.
Is that pug dog a purse? Yes.
Don't you love?
It's Judith leiber.
She makes Jewel-encrusted bags
shaped like fun things.
(Imitates barking)
I've got the frog,
the sleeping cat.
And I'm on the waitlist
for the pork chop.
Oh, they're gorgeous.
Like feminine trophies.
Mmm-hmm.
Dwayne, grab some Polish
and give this purse shelf
a once-over.
But I'm mopping. After you mop.
Yes, ma'am.
The "ma'am" is everything.
Young Dwayne: "I'm sorry for
what I did to you.
"And I know saying I'm sorry
"doesn't excuse the pain
that I've caused you, Kevin.
"But I hope in a small way
"it can be a part
of the healing process,
"and I hope one day
you and your family
"will be able to forgive me.
"I know itwill be some time
"before I'm able
to forgive myself.
"Sincerely,
Dwayne Douglas Johnson."
Thank you for that,
Dwayne Douglas.
And, yes, I do forgive you.
I'm proud of you for doing that.
Thanks, mom.
That was lovely.
His father and I
prayed for this moment.
Thank you. I have to say,
I'm impressed with how well
you're handling all this
as a single mom.
I have a husband.
I'm not a single mom.
Oh, I just assumed.
You assumed because I'm...
Oh, heavens no. No, not at all.
No, no. No.
What did you think
I was gonna say?
What were you gonna say?
Young. Exactly.
No, you don't seem that
young, is what I was saying.
But you're youthful.
(Clears throat)
Sorry again, bro.
My dad prayed to god
to damn your soul to hell.
What? God owes my dad a favor,
and for that favor he asked god
to curse your soul
to eternal damnation
for laying hands on me.
Just thought you should know.
Gabe: Eternal damnation?
That's a bitch move.
Getting his preacher dad
to use his powers like that.
My mom said not to sweat it
'cause she thinks his dad's a racist.
By the way, your mom
was like a total badass.
Me and the zales guy
talked about it for a while.
Also, I learned some, like,
cool stuff about zales.
I have never seen her like that.
My dad is usually the one
that gets all riled up.
Do you think you can get out
of being grounded tonight?
Because I talked to Bonnie,
and the four of us
are doing that double date.
Yeah, I'm gonna tell my mom I'm
going to bed early then sneak out.
Where are we going?
T.J. Crispy's.
Want to see the present
I got her?
What is it?
It's a marble egg, man.
What does it do? Look expensive.
What is that, a marble egg?
Looks expensive.
Thank you. You get
Karen a present yet?
Yeah, I got her
something real nice.
What?
(Sighs)
Ata, what are you doing here?
I watched that Sally jessy
episode you gave me.
I needed to talk
about it immediately.
The part where the ghost says,
"I am Jackie, and I
forgive you, ' goosebumps.
Then the phone rang,
and I almost peed my pants.
(Bothlaugh)
Well, I brought wine.
So, if you got a corkscrew
and two glasses,
I'll just wait here.
Oh, yellow hill.
Listen, ata, I'm walking
into the kitchen
and I'm not gonna
bring out your wine.
I'm sorry, but I think
we'd both be happier
drinking one of my grenaches.
It's from France.
Yours says it's from Nevada,
and I'm just
not familiar with...
What are you doing?
I was... this fell.
The shelf must be wobbly
and it slid off,
or I don't know what made it
fall, but it fell, and...
Dwayne stole it. What?
He took it, and I was
trying to put it back.
I am so sorry.
I'm so embarrassed.
I didn't even want to tell you,
but obviously I'm not as good
a liar as my son.
Well, why would he do that?
I don't know.
Dewey's always been
such a good kid,
but now he's punching
people, disobeying me, stealing.
At first I thought this isn't
like him, but what if it is?
What if this is
who he really is?
There is a difference between
good kids who make mistakes
and kids like my daughter,
who just wanna
watch the world burn.
I don't know your son,
but I feel like
I've gotten to know you.
You raised a good kid.
Thanks for saying that,
but I honestly don't feel
like I'm doing
a good job at all.
I thought being stricter
with him would help,
but it hasn't.
I just want to talk to rocky.
He'd know what to do.
I think you know what to do.
Do you remember that Sally episode
we watched about Princess syndrome?
You're just waiting
for someone to come along
and rescue you,
make it all better.
But the only one who can
make it better is you.
We are our own knights
in shining armor.
I love that episode.
Yeah, it started off
a little shaky
with the whole
obese twins thing,
but then it really picked up.
Mom, look, none of these
clothes are mine.
I know.
They belong to the places
you stole them from.
No, they just forgot to take
the security tags off.
I found the purse, Dewey.
Diane's purse?
Sit down.
I tried punishing you like
I did when you were little,
but you're not a kid anymore.
You're becoming a man, so
I'm gonna talk to you like one.
What's going on?
I hate not having things.
You have things. Nice things.
Girls only look at you
if you have designer clothes
or you drive a cool car
or you live in a big house.
And if you don't,
you basically don't exist.
You think I don't
want nice things?
I don't want to be cleaning
other people's houses,
taking the bus.
I thought you loved the bus.
The bus sucks.
I know the bus sucks.
But your dad's not earning
the way he used to,
so I'm doing what I need
to do for our family,
while you'rejust being selfish.
It's not like
I'm hurting anybody
by taking some shirts
from department stores.
First off,
you literally hurt someone.
You punched a classmate.
And you stole from my client.
She has a thousand purses.
She would never miss it.
You need to hang around
rich people more.
They notice everything.
And guess who's the first
person to get blamed
if something goes missing.
I could have lost my job,
which pays for
this apartment you hate,
the clothes
you're embarrassed of,
and those waffles you love.
Do you know how many
eggos you eat, Dewey?
Not even eggos.
You buy the generic
toaster waffles.
Because you inhale so many,
we can only afford the generic.
I'm not looking for a thank you.
I do those things because
I love you and I'm your mom,
but it's been hard,
and I can't have
you making it harder.
Okay.
I'm sorry, mom. I'll be better.
Take these trash bags
and fill them
with the clothes you stole,
so you can donate them.
Where are you going?
The clothes are right here.
There might be more. (G roans)
(Phone ringing)
Hello. Rocky: Hey, babe.
I heard you were looking for me.
Everything okay? Well...
Yeah, actually it is.
I was calling to tell you that Dewey
got suspended from school for fighting.
Did he win?
Uh, I mean, uh, he did?
It's okay, I handled it.
How's everything
going over there?
Oh, it's great.
The convention was nuts.
Abdullah the butcher says hi.
Anyway, I'll be back
tomorrow morning.
I just got a couple more
meetings tonight.
Come on, rocky,
we're all going to the bar.
Rocky: Oh, okay.
Soundshke an important meeting.
Babe, you know I've been
struggling to book matches.
You know how it is,
I gotta schmooze.
Wrestling deals are made
over a six-pack of beer
and country music...
H... hello?
(Gasps)
No follow-up questions, please.
So, in my first effort
to do better,
I'm gonna tell you I was
planning to sneak out tonight
and meet some friends.
Appreciate the honesty.
(Phone ringing)
Don't answer that.
No follow-up questions, please.
Okay, fair, but I was thinking,
(Phone continues ringing)
What if me and you
order some food instead?
No way, I don't believe
that's true.
I'm telling you, it's true.
She had never seen
a porta potty before?
She had never seen a porta
potty before the flea market, yes.
She almost started crying.
She said she was
wearing her red boots.
Still, she was super into
dad's match once it started.
She really loved it.
What's this girl's name, again?
Fine-a...
Good-grades Karen.
Well, I like that nickname.
I hope you're not upset about
missing dinner with your friends.
They'll survive without me.
I can't believe it.
He stood me up.
Karen, I'm sure Dwayne's dead
on the side of some highway, okay?
That's what it would take
for him to not be here.
I've never been stood
up before in my life.
Bonnie, is this what
this feels like?
It is, and it'll stay with you.
(Chuckles) All righty, time
to settle the bill, right?
Bonnie, obviously,
I got you covered
since you're my date,
but Karen...
I had a diet sprite.
And three chicken wings
from the shared appetizer.
I counted the bones.
So, doing a little math here,
that is $1.50 plus $3.99,
plus tax and tip.
(Ukulele playing)
No, mom. (Laughs)
Hey, come on,
we're having a fun night.
You used to love singing
this song with me.
Yeah, when I was a kid.
You're never too old to sing.
(S I n g I n g) Don't
go breaking my heart
(singing) I couldn't if I tried
(giggles)
Oh honey if I get restless
sing.
Baby you're not that kind
both: (Singing)
Don't go breaking my heart
you sound good.
You take the weight off of me
(young Dwayne and ata laughing)
Oh, hey, mom, I'm gonna
drop those clothes off
at goodwill after breakfast.
Thank you.
I'm off to jazzercise.
Have fun. Oh, and by the way,
we're out of sim's market
brand toaster quilted pancakes.
I'll stop by the store
on my way home.
Yeah, I really put my mom
through it,
but she never gave up on me,
and she always showed me
what true strength really is.
It's that mama bear mentality.
Exactly, and that's why
I have such respect
for strong women,
because I was raised by one.
So is your mom
your running mate?
(Laughs) No, although
she would love that.
But the person I will choose
will share similar qualities.
Well, I'm sure
I speak for america
when I say we can't wait
to see who you choose.
And also we have a little bit
of a surprise for you.
Is this mic working? Hello?
(Both laughing)
Mom, we're here.
Dewey, hi, Dewey.
Oh, I love that
you still call him Dewey.
Oh, even when he's president
I 'ii still call him Dewey.
Mom. Yes, president Dewey?
Mom, please.
Oh, president Dewey.
Thathasaiflcesoundtoit
no, hdoesnt
yeah, no, it doesn't.
So, Mrs. Johnson,
do you think your son
can become the next
president of the United States?
Absolutely.
When Dewey says
he's gonna do something,
he will do it,
and you will smell...
No, mom. Oh, mom. What
president Dewey is cooking.
(Randall laughing)
That's my mom. That's mom.
(Laughs) Adult Dwayne:
Okay, that's enough. Bye bye.